Add documentation for Playwright helpers (#1529)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/testing/playwright.mdx

#### Prerequisites

- Navigate to a non-protected page that loads Clerk via `page.goto()`, for example the index page

#### Parameters

`clerk.signIn()` accepts an object with the following properties:

<Properties>
  - `page`
  - `Object`

  The Playwright page object to use for the sign-in operation.

  ---

  - `signInParams.strategy`
  - `'password' | 'phone_code' | 'email_code'`

  The sign-in strategy. Supported strategies are:

  - `password`: The command will sign in the user using the provided password and identifier.
  - `phone_code`: You must have a user with a test phone number as an identifier (e.g., `+15555550100`).
  - `email_code`: You must have a user with a test email as an identifier (e.g., `your_email+clerk_test@example.com`).

  ---

  - `signInParams.identifier`
  - `string`

  The user's identifier. This could be a username, a phone number, or an email.

  ---

  - `signInParams.password`
  - `string`

  The user's password. This is required only if the `strategy` is set to `'password'`.

  ---

  - `setupClerkTestingTokenOptions?`
  - `Object`

  Options to pass to `setupClerkTestingToken()`. Optional.

> </Properties>

Author: How should we showcase the properties here to be easier to read? The object is the following:
```ts
type PlaywrightClerkSignInParams = {
  page: Page; // playwright object
  signInParams: {
      strategy: 'phone_code' | 'email_code' | 'password';
      password?: string;
      identifier: string;
  };
  setupClerkTestingTokenOptions?: {
      frontendApiUrl?: string;
  };
};
```

  ```
</Steps>

## Test Helpers

The `@clerk/testing` package also provides some helper functions to sign in/sign out with Clerk in your Playwright tests without having to interact with the UI.

> To use these commands, you just have to import the `clerk` object from the `@clerk/testing/playwright` package.

Reviewer: Removing "just do X" to not make feel people who struggle with the instructions after it

```suggestion
To use these commands, import the `clerk` object from the `@clerk/testing/playwright` package.
```

### `clerk.signIn`

> The `clerk.signIn` function is used to sign in a user using Clerk. This helper supports only the following first factor strategies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clerk.signIn()` function is used to sign in a user using Clerk. This helper supports only the following first factor strategies:
```

- Password
- Phone code
- Email code

Multi-factor authentication is not supported.

> [!NOTE]

> > This helper function internally uses the `setupClerkTestingToken()` helper, so you don't need to call it separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `clerk.signIn()` internally uses the `setupClerkTestingToken()` helper, so you don't need to call it separately.
```

To not repeat "helper"

#### Prerequisites

> - Before calling this function, you must call `page.goto`.
> - Before using this function, navigate to a non-protected page that loads Clerk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to a non-protected page that loads Clerk via `page.goto()`, for example the index page
```

#### Parameters

> `clerk.signIn` accepts an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clerk.signIn()` accepts an object with the following properties:
```

<Properties>
  - `page`
  - `Object`

  The Playwright page object to use for the sign-in operation.

  ---

  - `signInParams.strategy`
  - `'password' | 'phone_code' | 'email_code'`

  The sign-in strategy. Supported strategies are:

  - `password`: The command will sign in the user using the provided password and identifier.
  - `phone_code`: You must have a user with a test phone number as an identifier (e.g., `+15555550100`).
  - `email_code`: You must have a user with a test email as an identifier (e.g., `your_email+clerk_test@example.com`).

  ---

  - `signInParams.identifier`
  - `string`

  The user's identifier. This could be a username, a phone number, or an email.

  ---

  - `signInParams.password`
  - `string`

  The user's password. This is required only if the `strategy` is set to `'password'`.

  ---

  - `setupClerkTestingTokenOptions?`
  - `Object`

>   Options to pass to the `setupClerkTestingToken` function. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Options to pass to `setupClerkTestingToken()`. Optional.
```

</Properties>

#### Example

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `clerk.signIn` helper function in a test to sign in a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use `clerk.signIn()` in a test to sign in a user.
```

```ts {{ filename: 'e2e/app.spec.ts' }}
import { clerk } from '@clerk/testing/playwright'

test('sign in', async ({ page }) => {
  await page.goto('/')
  await clerk.signIn({
    page,
    signInParams: { strategy: 'phone_code', identifier: '+15555550100' },
  })
  await page.goto('/protected')
})
```

### `clerk.signOut`

> The `clerk.signOut` function is used to sign out the current user using Clerk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clerk.signOut()` is used to sign out the current user using Clerk.
```

#### Prerequisites

> - Before calling this function, yu must call `page.goto`.
> - Before using this function, navigate to a page that loads Clerk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to a non-protected page that loads Clerk via `page.goto()`, for example the index page
```

#### Parameters

> `clerk.signOut` accepts an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clerk.signOut()` accepts an object with the following properties:
```

<Properties>
  - `page`
  - `Object`

  The Playwright page object to use for the sign-in operation.

  ---

  - `signOutOptions.sessionId?`
  - `string`

  The ID of a specific session to sign out of. Useful for multi-session applications.

  ---

  - `signOutOptions.redirectUrl?`
  - `string`

  The redirect URL to navigate to after sign out is complete.
</Properties>

#### Example

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `clerk.signOut` helper in a test to sign a user out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use `clerk.signOut()` in a test to sign out a user.
```

```ts {{ filename: 'e2e/app.spec.ts' }}
import { clerk } from '@clerk/testing/playwright'

test('sign out', async ({ page }) => {
  await page.goto('/')
  await clerk.signIn({
    page,
    signInParams: { strategy: 'phone_code', identifier: '+15555550100' },
  })
  await page.goto('/protected')
  await clerk.signOut({ page })
  await page.goto('/protected')
  // should redirect to sign in page
})
```

### `clerk.loaded`

> The `clerk.loaded` function asserts that Clerk has been loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clerk.loaded()` asserts that Clerk has been loaded.
```

#### Prerequisites

> - Before calling this command, you must call `page.goto`.
> - Before using this command, navigate to a page that loads Clerk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to a non-protected page that loads Clerk via `page.goto()`, for example the index page
```

#### Parameters

> `clerk.loaded` accepts an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clerk.loaded()` accepts an object with the following properties:
```

<Properties>
  - `page`
  - `Object`

  The Playwright page object to use for the sign-in operation.
</Properties>

#### Example

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `clerk.loaded` helper in a test to assert that Clerk has been loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use `clerk.loaded()` in a test to assert that Clerk has been loaded.
```
